Update Katar Fort description in map planets.txt (#10957)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	attributes efret frozen korath
	landscape land/snow5
	description `There are several large Korath cities on this planet, but the ones farther from the equator have been covered by encroaching glaciers as the planet slowly enters a new ice age. A small number of crops are still grown in the open air, but many of the fields have now been covered with row upon row of gleaming glass as the Korath resort to greenhouse farming to lengthen the growing season and feed their remaining population more efficiently. Farther from the city, Korath ranchers tend herds of creatures that resemble giant, six-legged yaks.`

> 	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Korath food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbeque. Any further past the spaceport, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you, horns wide enough to pass around your shoulders. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Korath food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Any further past the spaceport, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you, horns wide enough to pass around your shoulders. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished.`
```

> 	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Korath food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Any further past the spaceport, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you, horns wide enough to pass around your shoulders. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Korath food that actually smells appetizing--perhaps the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Any farther from the spaceport, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you, horns wide enough to pass around your shoulders. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished.`
```

> 	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Korath food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Any further past the spaceport, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you, horns wide enough to pass around your shoulders. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished.`

Reviewer 3: "from the spaceport" is a bit redundant and descriptions have a premium on space.

Going more descriptive about the horns takes the humour out of the description imo.

Also taking the opportunity to specify that this is the only Efret food, since this was probably originally written without the possibility of an Exile campaign in mind and I'd like to leave the possibility of palatable Exile cusine open, even if most of what the exiles eat is algae, processed waste, and engineered supplements.

```suggestion
	spaceport `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Efret food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Go any further, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished, but their horns are alarming.`
```
